so guys from a 916 nos here alright the
game is dead island and I today I
learned how to do but buddy of mine
showed me so I'm gonna show do you guys
I had a hard time doing it at first so
he was just doing it to show me you know
it really doesn't help when you had to
see his controller basically what you
want to do is get your weapon that
you're wanting to do you can only do
weapons by the way need to sell them for
money so you get your weapon that you're
going to throw you go go in the throw
position and as you're about to throw
with the xbox controller you press Y
which is to drop the weapon you press Y
and right as you press why I hold on to
Y and hit our arty to fire attack really
quick and that will do it now you're
going to see me do it
also if you have a high boomerang skill
obviously it doesn't work every time
boomerang but when you don't boomerang
it will work what you do is you keep an
item on you if you want money you keep
an item that's out worked a lot and you
just do the crap out of it and sell that
and let's say get your money
alright guys that's it thanks to rip
shot for showing me how to do this and
as always subscribe if you haven't
already like comment give some feedback
whatever it is suggestions the email is
frag studios TV at gmail com this is
remedy 916 and unless I'm out